2017-09-25 Meeting with Jon
------------------------------------------------------
Went through 'Questions for the Client'

Internet connectivity? Mainly email

Is login screen required? Can do server based login

Other contractors can use the application.
Can deploy it on AWS database to store information to 
and be able to access it from multiple devices

Usage of the GPS?
Can do pinpointing with the gps, may not be too accurate
Not required in the app

Clarification of the 2D map:
	Define fence; style, color, height
		Fences are not always right angles, but are always straight
	Color: Customers may combine colors. Borders may be be one color
		and the panels may be another color.
	Styles: Different Styles; full privacy and semi privacy 
		(Would be nice to define the gap between panels. Default is 3 or 2.5 inches)

Drawing of objects can be done using click-and-drag or defining positions
	Good to edit objects such as change materials and sizing
	Each line will have a length associated with it

Fencing jobs may be related. Example: fences may be shared with neighbours and they may split costs
Removal of existing fencing (can use checkboxes). Would be good to checkbox which existing fences to remove

Drawing to scale?
Easy to have in 1 to 1 scale. Possible grid system to zoom in and out.

Would be good to have a summary page to review details before sending.
Once the customer approves a quote, then can send the supplier an email.
After saving, send one email containing Quote to customer.
Send another email of materials, cost, and profit? to supplier. (Multiple suppliers?)
Each job has a status to them.

Each fencing company may use a main account, possible sub-accounts
	to access the same data on the accounts

Github: prefered private repository. doesnt matter about licensing. 
(The repository will be private due to course requirements)

Storyboard: Good

Clients may want more than one quote. Possible to have multiple projects?

Firebase as a possible tool for hosting database

Preferences to have web app. 
	Store locally and then when connected, update database

Orientation of the map. Optional to rotate

What to include in the accounting section of the app?
	Summary for the year, profit loss/gain on each job,
	summary of gst, summary for the season

Need to provide cost of materials, look into AWS (let him know if we want another service)